1. What is Emmet?

Ans: It is a free extension/ add-on that is available in popular code editors which allows usage of shortcuts that can be expanded into full code statements. 
It helps save time by reduction in keystrokes and also through its code completion feature. It supports markup and stylesheet languages (html, css) and also JSX. 

2. Difference between a Library and a Framework?

Ans: A library is a collection of user-defined functions and classes to make the developer's work easier by enhancing reusability in other applications.
A framework on the other hand is a collection of a lot of libraries, APIs, tools, support programs etc. that helps in laying the foundation upon which
applications are built for specific platforms. Framework's are extensible that helps to incorporate app-specific features without modifying the framework's
source code. But it is difficult to replace a framework where as a library can be easily replaceable with another one.
Libraries - React, Jquery
Frameworks - Angular, Vue, Spring 

3. What is CDN? Why do we use it?

Ans: A CDN which stands for content delivery network is a group of geographically distributed servers that speed up the delivery of web content by bringing it closer to where users are.
CDNs very efficiently cache content like web pages, images, and video in proxy servers(distributed across the network) near to a user's physical location. This solves the problem of network 
congestion That's why we use it to access the content without having to wait for it to load which is possible because of the efficient caching. 

4.Why is React known as React?

Ans: React is called React because it was built with one of the reasons being to more effectively change what the user sees at an event of clicking or typing.
That is essentially to effectively update the user interface (web browser's DOM) at the response of such events.

5. what is crossorigin in script tag?

Ans: It is required to for HTTP CORS request that is to fetch resources(such as images, iframes, scripts) from another domain

6. What is difference between React and ReactDom?

Ans: React - responsible for creating user interface views basically composed of the standard UI elements (ex- React.createElement())
ReactDOM - library responsible for rendering the UI components created using React to browser DOM. (ReactDom.createRoot().render())

7. What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?

Ans: react.development.js is the development build used for development purposes as the name suggests and allows for debugging, HMR(Hot Module Reloading) etc.
react.production.js is a production specific build and hence tries to build the source files into one or multiple minified files that are less readable (void of whitespaces).

8. What is async and defer?

Ans: 
Async
- Downloads in the background at a low priority (same as defer)
- Can interrupt page rendering as soon as it is ready to execute
- Executes as soon as possible and in no particular order

Defer
- Downloads in the background at a low priority (same as async)
- Doesn't interrupt page rendering so as to execute
- Executes in sequence after the initial loading process & just before the "DOMContentLoaded" event